meet dick he's a loving husband just
reminding me little less vocal with a
promising career
the big point would appeal was 420 not
the 54
congratulations with the house but just
what he thought he was on his way up
[Music]
I believe I can touch the sky I believe
I believe his company what's going on
hey there's a spot so we just are so
lucky about you cover my back sir sold
him out he bankrupted the company
he's getting away with 400 million
dollars
our savings our pension everything is
gone we may be in a little bit of a
pickle dick I'm wrong with Lisa today I
didn't even know they could do that they
followed the rules and we got to grab a
cup of coffee wine it was locusts all
right all right everybody
you like smokin let's go okay okay all
right no he's not following cuz we're
different frutos we're crazy people are
these nonfat muffins are they young
plant I think so oh ji-hun you gotta get
some of those you're counting they're
using their new skills to teach big
business you want to rob Jack
McCallister unless we gotta get this
skeptical Columbia Pictures and imagine
entertainment
Jim Carrey came Leone what's the main
what's your secret fun with disengage
we really should turn down that cross
have you got a bad look
[Music]